Why can't I sit here?
The old man is in a coma now
If he dies
All his shares are mine
I am the second largest shareholder
If you shut up, you can't be fine.
It's almost time now.
Ladies and gentlemen, I am Shen Yu
Succeeded by the first ranking of the old man's equity
Heir's identity
I oppose Shen Tinglan's re-election as chairperson of Huanyu Group
Master Shen Yu is not dead yet
It's not your call
Just after Tinglan accepted the group
That profit is growing steadily every year
I'm afraid no one can be the chairperson
Chen Yu, where did you come from?
Don't steal here
I'm giving you a gift
Don't worry, son.
How could this be?
Is that true?
The chairperson is so close at the moment
Why sell blood?
Mr. Shen Group's share price suddenly plummeted
Shen Tianlan must give us an explanation today